Code of Conduct
===============

0.1. This is a modified version of Django project's Code of Conduct document.
     It aims to be shorter and more general.
     Django project's can be found at: https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/

1.1. Like the technical community as a whole, this project's team and community
     is made up of a mixture of professionals and volunteers from all over
     the world, working together on this project, including mentorship,
     teaching, and connecting people.

1.2. Diversity is one of our huge strengths, but it can also lead to
     communication issues. To that end, we have a few important rules that we
     ask people to adhere to. This code applies equally to founders, mentors
     and those seeking help and guidance.

1.3. This is not an exhaustive list of things that you can't do. Rather, take
     it in the spirit in which it's intended - a guide to make it easier to
     enrich all of us and the technical communities in which we participate.

1.4. This code of conduct applies to all spaces managed by this project. This
     includes public chat, the mailing lists, the issue tracker, and any other
     forums created by the project team which the community uses for
     communication.

2.1. Be friendly and patient.

2.2. Be welcoming. We strive to be a community that welcomes and supports
     people of all backgrounds and identities.

2.3. Be considerate. Your work will be used by other people, and you in turn
     will depend on the work of others. Any decision you take will affect users
     and colleagues, and you should take those consequences into account when
     making decisions.

2.4. Be respectful. Not all of us will agree all the time, but disagreement is
     no excuse for poor behavior and poor manners. It's important to remember
     that a community where people feel uncomfortable or threatened is not
     a productive one.

2.5. Be careful in the words that you choose. We are a community of
     professionals, and we conduct ourselves professionally. Be kind to others.
     Do not insult or put down other participants. Harassment and other
     exclusionary behavior are not acceptable.

2.6. When we disagree, try to understand why. Disagreements, both social
     and technical, happen all the time. It is important that we resolve
     disagreements and differing views constructively. Different people have
     different perspectives on issues. Being unable to understand why someone
     holds a viewpoint does not mean that they're wrong. Don't forget that it
     is human to error and blaming each other does not get us anywhere.
     Instead, focus on helping to resolve issues and learning from mistakes.
